all right i'm back after a few days of
being away for illness and people
naturally want to know hey dt
did you come down with the c word did
you catch the c virus because everybody
assumes if you're sick
that's what you've got no it was just
about a food poisoning i ate something
i shouldn't have eaten and man it was
the worst bout of food poisoning i ever
had it hit me immediately i'm talking
about
projectile vomiting and diarrhea at the
same time at one point
i was sitting on the toilet and then i
realized i also had to vomit
and i didn't know which end my head or
my rear end to put
over the toilet it would it was horrible
so i knew the vomit was coming up so i
put my head over the toilet because
wow but then i had to grab the garbage
can next to the toilet to put
under my rear end just in case anything
slipped out thankfully it didn't that
have been a mess to clean up
but i'm okay guys it was just food
poisoning when people say they're sick
don't immediately assume
it's the c word all right guys peace